dumb dog doctors Watson gong-gong go to
Little Indians no others dear Colonel he
vows these to soon disappear fighting
the army boot soldiers galore
what can do Indians do Oh
go Gophers Watson Go Go
oh don't know as much um go go go here
comes the colonel with You sergeant both
are Oran and her target Go Go Go furs
bunch of Go Go Go Go Go Go furs watch
them go sergeant
my new plan is perfect just help me with
this map bully now Lucas oh sorry
colonel
nevermind haha where was I oh yes yes
the Gophers have moved their TP to here
right at the very edge of gopher Gulch
that's right Colonel but what about it
we are going to build a fence all around
gopher Gulch will the Gophers left
outside but we got him damn it
offensively early pegleg early colonel
plans build big fence keep us out of
gopher Gulch what we do Emily give it
give it
o us try to stop Colonel and Sergeant
ooh
they do PD whoever
hold up sergeant I must not the tree not
ship regulation for three to five G says
a knots tree will not fall on you now
you may continue sawing sergeant that
tree could never fall this way are you
sure about that curl of course
regulation the regulation
our problem is sergeant the trees are
too tall we've got to climb up and cut
off the tops before we chop down the
trees the tops of course sergeant
nothing to it
you take that one and I'll take this one
all right start sawing off the top
I'm almost through sergeant me too
colonel well sergeant in spite of a few
handicaps our fence sections already
let's lift them into place holy sergeant
right there ah beautiful site first
section of offense that will rid us of
the Gophers forever maybe we'd better go
ahead and nail it colonel just imagine
those gopher Indians will finally be
here yeah we'll finally be
we'll finally be
well after all the trouble I never
believed we'd finish but there it is yes
and there's only one date and one lock
and when we lock the gate we'll have the
only key man fatigue a Bengali cousin
What did he say
him say us not believed lock strong not
strong you're in for a surprise
come sergeant let's show them oh no
watch this there that should convince
you once we have you locked out you'll
be just like we are now we are we are
I'm afraid that's it colonel they're in
there and we're out here and they've got
the key this is an outrage it's against
regulations give me back that key y'all
be back with us for our next adventure
maybe
we'll figure it out how to get back in